In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
In 1670, Molière was commissioned
by King Louis XIV,
nicknamed the Sun King,
to write a play
that was meant to ridicule a certain...
Plagg, you promised
you wouldn't go back there!
Sorry, Sugarcube, but I can't resist
such irresistible beauty!
Here it sits, every day,
beckoning me with gooey lusciousness.
And every time I eat it, it just pops
right back up the very next day!
Don't you think it's strange this gross,
stinky thing reappears in the same spot,
day after day?
That's precisely why I call it
the magic cheese!
I've got you at last, strange creatures!
This is exactly why
you should always listen to me!
Let's get outta here!
And they speak, too!
I can't! It's impossible to abandon
such a creamy,
cosy Reblochon!
- Hey! What's going on?
Stay focused on Molière and his plays!
Go ahead and run away.
I have proof
of my great scientific discovery!
Hmm.
You don't want me reading
your little secrets, Marinette?
I don't have secrets from you.
You're the only one
I can discuss my life with.
Even my parents or Alya
don't know me as well as you do.
I'm so happy to have you, Tikki.
You're the only being I can be myself
with, without ever having to lie.
I'm really happy to have you, too.
Good night, Tikki.
Goodnight, Marinette.
Plagg, we must tell our owners
or Master Fu what happened today.
Chill out, Sugarcube! Don't forget
that nobody can capture or record us!
I know that, but we were actually seen
by a human, and at school, too!
That could reveal our owners' identities!
Oh, OK, I promise you I won't eat
any more magic cheese, ever again!
What's the worst that could happen anyway?
Mr Damocles, can you confirm rumours
that Mrs Mendeleiev isn't here
because she'll be
on the Alternative Truth show?
Where everything isn't always true,
but nothing is really false!
It is indeed quite possible
that Mrs Mendeleiev
has made a scientific discovery
of utmost importance.
Can we watch the show please?
Huh?
My brother's one of the guests.
We're back for the next segment
of Alternative Truth!
Where everything isn't always true,
but nothing is really false!
Let's welcome our last guest today,
Mrs Mendeleiev,
a science teacher
at François Dupont High School.
Yay! That's our teacher!
Kim, sit down, please!
-Hello. Thank you for having me.
-You'll describe a scientific theory
to our panel of experts,
who will decide if it's true or false!
-True or false!
-Sit.
Mrs Mendeleiev,
you already know our jury.
Its members are, as always, the famous
singer, XY, the one and only Mr Banana...
Stay peachy!
And the incredible Manon Chamack,
daughter of news reporter, Nadia Chamack!
Over to you.
You're about to witness proof of the
existence of interdimensional creatures
with incredible powers
who can move through matter
and seem to be attracted
to aged cheese.
I discovered the first one
soon after school began.
I started observing it closely,
then I discovered a second one.
I have proof! Watch closely!
You can't see the creatures themselves
because they're not filmable.
-But look right there!
As I was unable to capture
these creatures on video,
I've made sketches of them, to give you
an idea of what they look like.
-What's that even supposed to be?
-I doubt this show is remotely scientific.
Mrs Mendeleiev,
are you serious about
actually chasing cheese-eating ghosts?
I'm always serious!
I thought we didn't keep secrets!
I didn't want to bother you
with kwami nonsense!
I thought the problem had been resolved.
Plagg promised
he'd no longer eat magic cheese!
Wait a sec! Plagg was here in this school,
which means Cat Noir is a student here,
just like me?
If I just figured this out,
Cat Noir probably figured out
that I figured out that he figured it out!
No, not at all!
Plagg would travel for miles
to sink his teeth into good cheese!
Now I'll always wonder
whether you're lying or not!
I'm so sorry, Marinette.
It's OK. You're trying to protect me.
If I figure out who he is,
I'll have to give up my Miraculous.
So, I won't try.
And I hope he doesn't either.
It's time for our jury to tell us
if the theories we heard are...
True or false?
Jalil Kubdel hypothesized
that Egyptian pyramids are, in fact,
alien spaceships that ran out of gas.
What do you think?
-Alix, look! It's your brother!
Our jury has been convinced.
Jalil succeeds!
True or false?
Whoa! Your brother's won! Awesome!
Theory number two! Mr Vincent Aza
hypothesised that snow is, in fact,
boogers from a giant
who lives in the clouds!
Mr Banana was not convinced.
No, but stay peachy!
But you do have two votes,
which means that you too have won!
Last, Mrs Mendeleiev says there are
creatures who like to eat cheese.
I'm very sorry,
but your fake video footage
failed to convince our panel of experts!
Stay peachy!
It wasn't fake! This is an authentic,
major, scientific discovery!
You're welcome to come back when
you've captured your invisible creatures!
Now there's a very familiar emotion.
Fly away, my little akuma
and evilise
her misunderstood heart!
Kwamibuster, I am Hawk Moth.
They made a mockery of your science.
I'm ready to believe you!
Really?
Of course!
These interdimensional creatures
are called kwamis.
And I'm giving you the power
to capture them.
But in return, you must give me
Ladybug and Cat Noir's magic jewels,
their Miraculous.
You can count on me, Hawk Moth.
Soon, I will be the greatest scientist
in the whole world!
You could have been captured!
That was so irresponsible of you!
Please!
It's impossible to capture a kwami!
We can move through matter
and we can't be filmed or photographed!
You're as much of a party-pooper
as Sugarcube!
Sugarcube? Who's Sugarcube?
Tikki! Ladybug's kwami!
Wait a second! If Tikki was there too,
that means she was here at school,
which means Ladybug is a student here,
just like me,
which means I probably know
Ladybug already!
Oh, no!
A big thank you to all our scientists
and members of the jury!
We'll see you again next week
for another edition
of Alternative Truth!
I feel sorry for Mrs Mendeleiev.
I feel sorry for myself
that she's my teacher!
Wait! The show's not over!
I am Kwamibuster! And I'm going
to conduct one last scientific experiment!
I just can't stop thinking
about who Cat Noir really is!
He has to be one of the boys.
An akumatized person
has appeared near the TV Station.
It appears to be a teacher
from François Dupont High School.
This safety vault will withstand
a 50-storey fall. True or false?
- False! It won't!
-We gotta go.
I must convince Cat Noir that Marinette
Dupain-Cheng can't possibly be Ladybug!
Or I won't be able to be Ladybug any more.
Tikki, spots on!
Adrien, won't you, like, summon me
to jump into action or something?
Plagg, what if Marinette were Ladybug?
Marinette? Nah!
Besides, you shouldn't be
trying to find out more.
If you discovered her identity,
you'd have to give your Miraculous back!
So, if I were you,
I'd act like nothing's going on.
That's what I do when there's a problem.
It's always worked fine for me!
Maybe, for once, I'd better listen to you.
Plagg, claws out!
Let me go!
I mean, don't! Don't do that!
Excellent, Kwamibuster.
Ladybug and Cat Noir
will have to come to this emcee's rescue!
Then I can easily capture their kwamis!
Fly!
Aaah!
So predictable!
Thanks, Ladybug!
Ladybug saved me!
There you have it.
The answer was "True".
Ladybug defies the laws of science!
I'll capture your kwamis
and prove to everyone
these magic creatures really do exist!
True or false?
I don't think it matters. We won't
give you a chance to prove anything!
I love this plan!
I'm excited to be part of it! Let's do it!
Back off, kids! I'm a scientist!
You're no scientist.
You're more like a game-show host!
I'll prove to the world
that I am a great scientist
and that I made a major discovery!
I hope your kwami doesn't ever
do anything like this again!
Well, I heard your kwami was with him!
She was trying to talk sense into yours!
I get the feeling
you two are a perfect match!
Aaah!
This Kwamibuster villain,
she's from the high school, right?
Don't forget the rules. We can't know
each other's secret identity!
So, kwamis don't exist, huh?
Well, here's proof!
Aaah!
Ladybug!
-Ladybug! Is everything... ?
-Don't look over here!
You can find out
who Ladybug is
and take her Miraculous from her.
She's powerless
now that she's lost her kwami!
Cataclysm!
Now I'm going to seize your kwami, Cat!
True or false?
Gotcha!
Don't waste your energy.
We can't go through it.
It's all down to your cheese addiction!
I still have my cata--
No! You can't control it.
Your cataclysm could
make things even worse!
So how are you planning to get us
out of here, Sugarcube?
I'm not. But I'm sure Ladybug will.
I already have your kwamis.
And, soon, I'll have your Miraculous too.
True or false?
Master,
Tikki and Plagg have been captured
and Cat Noir might discover
my secret identity!
You both know the consequences of that.
That's why I'll fix everything
and save Tikki.
Marinette Dupain-Cheng,
you have to pick a Miraculous.
Only, this time,
you won't be giving it to someone else.
You'll wear it yourself,
until you get Tikki back.
You can't do that. Merging Miraculous
would give you way too much power!
It could make you lose your mind!
Don't worry, Master,
I only need one power, the Mouse's.
I'm just wearing the others
so I can free the kwamis.
I need them to pull off my plan.
Mullo, get squeaky!
And now I'm Multimouse!
-Are you sure about this, Marinette?
-If I don't do it,
who else will defeat Kwamibuster?
To capture the akuma,
I must save Tikki
and get my Ladybug powers back first!
To do that, I'll let myself get captured!
Multitude!
Toppo,
Trixx,
unify!
And now, I'm Multifox!
- Let's go!
- Mmm?
If Marinette fails,
Hawk Moth will claim
almost every Miraculous for himself.
She's never failed!
True or false? Cat Noir
has disguised himself as Mr Banana!
Uh... Stay peachy?
Stay put!
Soon we'll discover
Cat Noir's true identity
and his Miraculous will be mine,
at last!
Charge!
There's something you don't see every day!
Kwamibuster, I promised you kwamis
and here they are!
Now, bring me
all the Miraculous in return!
You can't get away from me!
You're no match for Kwamibuster!
Catch us if you can!
Psst! Cat Noir? Is that you?
Ladybug?
Just when I think I finally know you,
you surprise me again!
That's very sweet of you,
but I'm not Ladybug. I'm Multimouse.
Ladybug has sent me
to fetch your Miraculous.
How do I know I can trust you?
Ladybug trusted me when she gave me
a Miraculous, didn't she?
I'm relying on her to bring Plagg back!
OK! Thank you. Oh, yeah, Ladybug said
you should meet her on the roof!
I will catch you all! Ha, ha, ha!
It looks like your owner
has failed us, Tikki! We're doomed.
-Ladybug?
-I told you that my owner was the best!
I'd never abandon you, Tikki!
Plagg, Mullo, unify!
Tikki, Mullo, unify!
Cataclysm!
Oooh!
Oh! Ugh!
Lucky Charm!
Mullo, Plagg, divide!
As promised.
Thank you, mysterious Multimouse!
Thank you! See you, Cat Noir!
Mirage!
I think you should convince everyone
you're not a student at the high school!
You're right, that would be safer!
Plagg, claws out!
Being Cat Noir is much more
a-peeling than being a banana!
Good job, Multimouse! Thanks to you,
I got my kwami back and Cat Noir's!
Awesome plan, girls!
Time to de-evilise!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Miraculous Ladybug!
We came, we saw, we kicked her hat!
Now I gotta give you this back, right?
No, not here!
You shouldn't have given me
the Miraculous back in front of...
But I didn't think you kept any secrets
from each other.
Oh! I am so clumsy!
I'm sorry, but now your identity
is no longer a secret,
I won't be able to give you
a Miraculous again.
I'll take Marinette back, Cat Noir.
-You take care of Mrs Mendeleiev.
-Ladybug, wait!
I wanted to apologise for my kwami
being in that elementary school.
-It was a high school.
-High school, right.
I promise it'll never happen again!
Bug out!
Mr Cat, would you be willing to testify
I really did make a scientific discovery?
I'm sorry, Mrs Mendeleiev,
but I can't do that.
And you must keep it a secret if you
want us to protect Paris from Hawk Moth!
I understand.
I guess I'm just like Copernicus,
way ahead of my time!
Uh, yeah, that's right... just like him!
Oh !
Whee!
All his kwamis, so many powers!
If I can capture them first,
I will form my own army
of Miraculous-wearing supervillains
and defeat Ladybug and Cat Noir
once and for all!
I must find the guardian!
Reality!
Mullo, Trixx, divide!
Mullo, divide!
No more evil-doing for you,
little akuma.
Time to de-evilise.
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Miraculous Ladybug!
Whee!
No worries, Master,
Cat Noir
wouldn't imagine that I'm Ladybug.
Now I know he's not a student
at François Dupont.
He thought it was an elementary school!
If you'd been forced to give up
being Ladybug because of me,
I would've never forgiven myself.
We all make mistakes, Tikki. But I know
you're a friend I can truly rely on!
No Miraculous owner in all of history
has ever been strong enough
to use that many Miraculous
at the same time.
Marinette truly is special, Master.